$Id$

Stuff still to do:
------------------

Priority:
. triliteration: cluster triangulate cellular, then move wifi to it
   wigle: filter problems: 00:02:2D:01:73:91 00:02:2d:2f:41:d3 00:06:25:a1:2c:00
   Deal with overloading bad data to throw triangulation off (pry just have
   threshholds on current tri vs. what people are trying to input)
. webmap: color gsm/cdma differently
. webmap: allow users to color by different parameters

Entire system:
. wigle: API
. Metadata attachments to points (free/commercial/whatever. wiki-like)
. Generalize from plotting wireless to plotting whatever (added celluar)
. Path finding (ouch, not for a long time)
. wigle: track WPS

WiGLE Web:
. wigle: db verification script
. Auto-fill the username with another cookie
. Allow antenna and amplifier info to be put in on submission
. Give new cookie every page to lessen replay attack possibility
. webmap: allow users to turn off labels
. webmap: filter nets with no ssid
. allow update of email, or use phpbb's email

WiGLE Web Re-skin tasks:
. update forum to improve forum skin, check in 
. make an 'about us page' (maybe merge with FAQ/images)
. image page
. "bounce" on autoposition
. fix anchors in urls for stats/search pages
. restore FB like button
. restore/refit OSM map functionality
. map tile visual cleanup, density thresholds, and label positioning fixes

Off the Table:
--------------
WiGLE Web:
. wigle: add more stats for users (manufacturer, densest locations somehow)
. wigle: long-lived connections for rigled to hopefully improve response time
. Fix duplicate entry messages when posting files
. Change comments to be in their own table (and have a link on a result page,
   perhaps displaying first few words)
. Start a seperate IP address table
. Speed up silver lining '00:e0:03:05:4f:a8' '00:04:e2:29:36:e6'

JiGLE Application:
. jigle: command line for connecting to kismet
. jigle: reconnect for kismet
. jigle: status on http connections
. jigle: auto-downloading of map trees
. jigle: Finish Netstumbler integration for JiGLE
. jigle: outgoingCacheFile elimination
. jigle: zoom in/out with different mouse buttons
. Fix text overlap
. Be able to load kismet files (text and xml)
. Lower giant (>100MB) memory footprint, even in vectors (how?)
. Convert sexigesimal from local wi-scan data from NetStumbler
. Be able to load MapPacks with UTM instead of lat/long
. s/File/URL/g

Done
----

JiGLE Application:
. Have app do a webquery to get it's data
. MIP mapping
. Double buffering
. Update things via the web interface
. Keep a local store on disk, only 
   querying for updates since it last checked in (doing the disk caching only 
   if it's in application mode, not applet)
. Be able to turn off labels to just see all points
. Colour of station based on "Quality of Service"
. Can resize
. Alphabetize the dropdown MapPack chooser
. If over 1000 stations start up with text off
. Be able to show poly's for locations network was seen at
    (nearly done, need transparency)
. Be able to load NetStumbler binary files (.ns1)
. Do gpsd integration on linux for JiGLE
. new screenshots (with poly, gpsd, etc)
. menus and status bar
. WiGLE client java api [sort of, used by squigle]
. add last-requested metadata to wigledata. based on Date header from wigle.
. Kismet integration for JiGLE
. squigle backed jigle
. authenticated jigle
. add state to name of county on jigle dropdown
. jigle: gui for connecting to gpsd


WiGLE Web:
. Genericize the backend db and querying for random data
. Triangulation performance project
. glue: make prod ready
. glue: fix text cutoff
. db: new location configuration
. tree: finish conversion to svn, fix builds/cvs dependencies
. Need to be able to enter in networks and locations on the web, not just 
   through the files (especially so that the app can do additions as well)
. Create register page
. Add back in authentication
. Add gps vs. non-gps to stats (confirmfile, about)
. Need to be able to do queries on lat/long and lastupdate.
. Add transaction id for easy rollbacks (Hugh's idea)
. Add "remove my host" function (added as email)
. Defend file post better (too large, binary, etc)
. Add opt-in free network submission and add to query
. Need to be able to update the network comments (other fields?) on the web
. Map with mapquest from results page
. Add md5 hash for confirmfile to prevent spoofing
. Add DHCP field and add it to query
. Figure out why the web pages are so slow (4+ second response time)
. Stats page use db count(*) so it's a lot faster
. "News" section (perhaps to the right on the main page?)
. Only do triangulation on new things, not whole db
. "Quality of Service" (how many days we've seen it, different people seeing it
   maybe other factors, qos field, 0-7)
. "Discussion lists" section
. Fix discssion list threading
. Pluggable mapping architecture (tm)
. Dynamically grab/make maps to limit liability, and cover the whole 
   country
. Make hit stats into a cgi (made a page available for internal use)
. Shows all MapPacks available for a given state
. Cookie based auth (login/logout)
. Parse Kismet (CWGD) files
. Post compressed (gzip'd) files
. Be able to view discussions by date (changed it so latest thread is first,
   calling it good enough)
. Tape backup cron job (weekly cron to backup everything to a tarball)
. Prevent large db queries (mod_perl never frees memory back to OS)
. Specialty map support (ie Las Vegas)
. Be able to query for the locations for a netid
. Do stats from a seperate table
. <body> tag focusing
. Integrate phpbb registration/login/logout
. front page news from phpbb
. fix joined date for users
. Parse NetStumbler binary files (.ns1)
. mirror drive going
. add regions to rigled
. RSS feed
. upload file return instantly, user page for upload info, maybe stats
. add more stats for users (daily goo, % good locations)
. WIKI
. improve webmaps interface
. put meta-apache logs in db for online stats action, and many other stats
	(number of online maps rendered, files posted, etc) (taken care of: analog)
. Start using translog table for transaction logging (started on)
. "Sort by" on query (radio button, couple sets in a row)
. Updates to Location with new info for Network should be stored in network
. Run triangulate, stats, and silver lining for everything
. front page maps use running vmap
. Address Geocoding
. Squigle webmaps
. add group and event
. add "time to parse" on uploads screen
. add "percent complete" on uploads screen

RiGLE:
. rigle: draw city streets even further out
. Have WiGLE logo in lower right corner
. Aspect ratio is now fixed
. Get GIS data from database, not flat files (lots of work done, but needs a 
   lot of optimization work still)
. Specialty map support (ie Las Vegas)
. Logging
. Europe map
. thread pooling for rigled to hopefully reduce the jvm memory leak
. density colours for vmap
. RiGLE daemon mode / real-time maps

GiGLE graphing generation:
. Move to http://www.jfree.org/jfreechart/

SquiGLE
. squigle: use TreeNode to allow for web queries
